Thymeleaf Individual Contributor License Agreement
--------------------------------------------------

_Version: 20210207_

Thank you for your interest in The Thymeleaf Project ("Thymeleaf"). In order to
clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions from any
person or entity, Thymeleaf must have a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) on
file that has been signed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the
license terms below. This license is for your protection as a Contributor as
well as the protection of Thymeleaf and its users; it does not change your
rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose.

This version of the Agreement allows a private individual, exclusively acting in
his/her own name and not being endorsed in their Contribution by any company or
government, to submit Contributions to Thymeleaf.

Please read this document carefully before signing and keep a copy for your
records.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and
future Contributions submitted to Thymeleaf. Except for the license granted
herein to Thymeleaf and recipients of software distributed by Thymeleaf, You
reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.


### 1. Definitions

  * _"Thymeleaf"_ means the "Thymeleaf Project organization and members".
  * _"You"_ (or _"Your"_) means the copyright owner or legal entity authorized
    by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with Thymeleaf. For
    legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that
    control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are
    considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition,
    "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or
    management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or
    (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or
    (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.
  * _"Contribution"_ means any original work of authorship, including any
    modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally
    submitted by You to Thymeleaf for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of
    the products owned or managed by Thymeleaf (the "Material"). For the
    purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic,
    verbal, or written communication sent to Thymeleaf or its representatives,
    including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists,
    source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by,
    or on behalf of, Thymeleaf for the purpose of discussing and improving the
    Material, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or
    otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."


### 2. Grant of Rights

#### 2.1. Copyright License

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to
Thymeleaf and to recipients of software distributed by Thymeleaf a perpetual,
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license
to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.

#### 2.2 Patent License

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to
Thymeleaf and to recipients of software distributed by Thymeleaf a perpetual,
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated
in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell,
import, and otherwise transfer the Contribution, where such license applies only
to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your
Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the
Material to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes
patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Material to
which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent
infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this
Agreement for that Contribution or Material shall terminate as of the date such
litigation is filed.

#### 2.3 Outbound License

As a condition on the grant of rights in Sections 2.1 and 2.2, Thymeleaf agrees
to license the Contribution only under the terms of the Apache License 2.0
(including any right to adopt any future version of this license if permitted).

#### 2.4 Moral Rights

If moral rights apply to the Contribution, to the maximum extent permitted by
law, you waive and agree not to assert such moral rights against Thymeleaf or
its successors in interest, or any of our licensees, either direct or indirect.

#### 2.5 Thymeleaf Rights

You acknowledge that Thymeleaf is not obligated to use your Contribution as part
of the Material and may decide to include any Contributions Thymeleaf considers
appropriate.

#### 2.6 Reservation of Rights

Any rights not expressly assigned or licensed under this section are expressly
reserved by you.


### 3. Agreement

You represent that:

  * (a) You are legally entitled to grant the above licenses. If your
    employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that
    includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission
    to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has
    waived such rights for your Contributions to Thymeleaf, or that your
    employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with Thymeleaf.
  * (b) You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation.


### 4. Disclaimer

You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the
extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a
fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without
limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


### 5. Miscellaneous

  * 5.1 This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the
        laws of Spain excluding its conflicts of law provisions. Under certain
        circumstances, the governing law in this section might be superseded by
        the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale
        of Goods ("UN Convention") and the parties intend to avoid the
        application of the UN Convention to this Agreement and, thus, exclude
        the application of the UN Convention in its entirety to this Agreement.
  * 5.2 This Agreement sets out the entire agreement between you and Thymeleaf
        for your Contributions to Thymeleaf and overrides all other agreements
        or understandings.
  * 5.3 If You or Thymeleaf assign the rights or obligations received through
        this Agreement to a third party, as a condition of the assignment, that
        third party must agree in writing to abide by all the rights and
        obligations in the Agreement.
  * 5.4 The failure of either party to require performance by the other party of
        any provision of this Agreement in one situation shall not affect the
        right of a party to require such performance at any time in the future.
        A waiver of performance under a provision in one situation shall not be
        considered a waiver of the performance of the provision in the future or
        a waiver of the provision in its entirety.
  * 5.5 If any provision of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, such
        provision will be replaced to the extent possible with a provision that
        comes closest to the meaning of the original provision and which is
        enforceable. The terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement shall
        apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of this Agreement
        or any limited remedy to the maximum extent possible under law.
  * 5.6 You agree to notify Thymeleaf of any facts or circumstances of which you
        become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any
        respect.




Signed by:        ..............................................................

Email:            ..............................................................

Country:          ..............................................................

GitHub user name: ..............................................................

Date:             ..............................................................



Please sign: ...................................................................
